c:\Users\dimivarv308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\Product.Service.UnitTets.dll
c:\Users\dimivarv308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\Product.Service.UnitTets.pdb
c:\Users\dimivarv308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\Users\dimivarv308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
c:\Users\dimivarv308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\Users\dimivarv308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\Product.DataAccess.dll
c:\Users\dimivarv308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\Product.Service.dll
c:\Users\dimivarv308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\dimivarv308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
c:\Users\dimivarv308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
c:\Users\dimivarv308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\Product.DataAccess.pdb
c:\Users\dimivarv308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\Product.Service.pdb
c:\Users\dimivarv308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
c:\Users\dimivarv308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\Moq.pdb
c:\Users\dimivarv308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
c:\Users\dimivarv308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.pdb
c:\Users\dimivarv308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\Users\dimivarv308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\Users\dimivarv308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.xml
c:\Users\dimivarv308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
c:\Users\dimivarv308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\obj\Debug\Product.Service.UnitTets.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\dimivarv308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\obj\Debug\Product.Service.UnitTets.dll
c:\Users\dimivarv308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\obj\Debug\Product.Service.UnitTets.pdb
C:\Users\dimivarv308\Desktop\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\Product.Service.UnitTets.dll
C:\Users\dimivarv308\Desktop\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\Product.Service.UnitTets.pdb
C:\Users\dimivarv308\Desktop\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
C:\Users\dimivarv308\Desktop\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
C:\Users\dimivarv308\Desktop\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\dimivarv308\Desktop\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\Product.DataAccess.dll
C:\Users\dimivarv308\Desktop\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\Product.Service.dll
C:\Users\dimivarv308\Desktop\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\dimivarv308\Desktop\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
C:\Users\dimivarv308\Desktop\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
C:\Users\dimivarv308\Desktop\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\Product.DataAccess.pdb
C:\Users\dimivarv308\Desktop\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\Product.Service.pdb
C:\Users\dimivarv308\Desktop\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
C:\Users\dimivarv308\Desktop\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\Moq.pdb
C:\Users\dimivarv308\Desktop\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
C:\Users\dimivarv308\Desktop\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.pdb
C:\Users\dimivarv308\Desktop\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
C:\Users\dimivarv308\Desktop\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\dimivarv308\Desktop\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.xml
C:\Users\dimivarv308\Desktop\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
C:\Users\dimivarv308\Desktop\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\obj\Debug\Product.Service.UnitTets.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\dimivarv308\Desktop\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\obj\Debug\Product.Service.UnitTets.dll
C:\Users\dimivarv308\Desktop\Product\Product.Service.UnitTets\obj\Debug\Product.Service.UnitTets.pdb
